and then guys here who speaks beauty is
matheus neon
I did not come back here from the alexandre blog
and he opposed the zico in the channel
vitality
he is showing that a video to
you of a well-known game that is
the is the marlon champions is so i go
open that does not ira the x to 1 on the card
from memory
I found the point if you honor the priest here
in this square that takes the champion presence
than what it needs to extract
so I go straight on he's champion
show up at the door here
There is only one thing that happens here.
you copy the sun and internal memory of the
of the android mobile phone the baby
there you copy
They even give here to win.
Look at my time so much that who made the team
play
There it is here on the marvel made here.
beauty there from here you can already see here
it is in the bottle that is released here in the case of
movie champions sin here is not
play or install here by clicking here
to install the church
there you saw it next, just install it
right here
we might even think it was there and
not a game is a rock internet is
I need internet now has the galley
remembering that also just a little detail
here I because with the two that the
camera tiago helped you in the video that wins
then you can open the game normally
Only here he will not even play her
It will seem like everything I do not know just does not
You're going to give it to me now because I do not want to
here internet banking has no connection
that place is there
He needs the internet with him.
the rooster, that's it folks and the book is
close the video because the parent
If you liked, study enrolled.
we will still connect here silva device
lost his mother on the same platform as
when it is connect take into account the
beauty then coming back here better
connected at night even though I both
I wanted to hear the mother kika tablets with this
it took a little time
It's as you can see, it's shitting yes and
that normally there was the game here
the idea here the opel can move
There you will ask to connect aquino or more.
Beauty is still going on here.
usually there guys
corn is vishal only that even the
end up here
then it is certain that the global crude ai al
He took the video then it was just that.
same
Thanks, man, it 's a gem helping the channel here.
it is not so fuzzy and the
link next download the game was so
direct on the ninth description on the blog at
bloglog that is there will the chicken influence